README.md, before:

# Particubes

Particubes is a virtual space to hang out with friends, play and build anything you want with color cubes.

The public Alpha is available on iOS, Android, Windows and Mac, you can download it from here: [particubes.com/download](https://particubes.com/download).

### 🌎 Explore

Explore many different worlds built by others, using your own custom avatar. Play with your friends, on mobile and desktop devices.

### ⛏ Build

Use simple yet powerful tools to craft and publish items, maps, & avatars. Shared assets can be used by other builders and coders.

### 🤓 Code

Customize sample scripts or script a full experience from scratch, in [Lua](https://www.lua.org)!

## How to play?

The public Alpha is available on iOS, Android, Windows and Mac, you can download it from here: [particubes.com/download](https://particubes.com/download).

## Is it open source?

No, sorry, our engine is close source. We use this public repository for open source components somehow related to *Particubes* (tools, sample scripts, public websites, etc.).

## Other questions?

You should check our FAQ: [particubes.com/faq](https://particubes.com/faq). 

You can also reach out to us and the whole community on Discord: [particubes.com/discord](https://particubes.com/discord)

![](images/games.png)

![](images/iphone-playing.png)

![](images/macos-playing.png)

![](images/macos-code-editor.png)

Commit message:

README.md changed "Is it opensource?"

README.md, after:

# Particubes

Particubes is a virtual space to hang out with friends, play and build anything you want with color cubes.

The public Alpha is available on iOS, Android, Windows and Mac, you can download it from here: [particubes.com/download](https://particubes.com/download).

### 🌎 Explore

Explore many different worlds built by others, using your own custom avatar. Play with your friends, on mobile and desktop devices.

### ⛏ Build

Use simple yet powerful tools to craft and publish items, maps, & avatars. Shared assets can be used by other builders and coders.

### 🤓 Code

Customize sample scripts or script a full experience from scratch, in [Lua](https://www.lua.org)!

## How to play?

The public Alpha is available on iOS, Android, Windows and Mac, you can download it from here: [particubes.com/download](https://particubes.com/download).

## Is it open source?

Not now, we will opensource it by parts.

## Other questions?

You should check our FAQ: [particubes.com/faq](https://particubes.com/faq). 

You can also reach out to us and the whole community on Discord: [particubes.com/discord](https://particubes.com/discord)

![](images/games.png)

![](images/iphone-playing.png)

![](images/macos-playing.png)

![](images/macos-code-editor.png)
